### Chapter 8 - Business Development

[TOC]

#### Page 80

##### Vocab builder

CEO: Chief Executive Officer, (Président) Directeur Général  
COO: Chief Operating Officer, Directeur général (délégué, de l'exploitation)  
CTO: Chief Technical Officer, Directeur Technique   
CFO: Chief Finance Officer, Directeur financier   
CMO:  Chief Marketing Officer, Directeur du Marketing

##### Track 52

Talk 1

<details><summary>I like to be my own boss. I used to work for a big company where there  was litthe room for innovation. Now, I make my own rules. I started out small but I built myself up and a really strong relationship with suppliers and a loyal group of customers. I worked at a strategy in the beginning and it's all coming to fruition now.</summary>
  <br/><strong>Picture  B, a horticulturist</strong>
  <i>
  <br/>I used to work : avant (autrefois) je travaillais pour...
  <br/>it's coming to fruition : ça porte ses fruits
  </i>
</details>



Talk 2

<details><summary>I'm the one behind the scenes who is responsible for the new products of the company. the strategy is laid out by people upstairs and I have to make it come to life. sometimes they have ideas which seem impossible but with a little research and some innovative thinking we can usually produce something that keeps us one step ahead of the competition.</summary>
  <br/><strong>Picture A, production</strong>
  <i>
  <br/>behind the scenes: en coulisses
  <br/>to lay out a strategy: élaborer une stratégie
  <br/>the competition : la concurrence
  </i>
  </details>

Talk 3

<details><summary>I've quite a successful business. I actually started from my bedroom when I was thirteen. I've always been adept with computers and the website I started was just supposed to be for fun. These days I get about five hundred thousand hits a day. I didn't really have a strategy at the beginning but when it started to be popular I knew I could do someting to keep it up to date, user-friendly and well, monetize it at the same time.</summary>
  <br/><strong>No picture</strong>
  <i>
  	<br/>a hit (on websites) ; une connexion
  	<br/>user-friendly: convivial
    <br/>to monetize: rentabiliser
  </i>
  </details>

Talk 4

<details><summary>We started out as college students who wanted to think outside the box and make our own way in the world. It's exciting to think that what started out as a conversation in a bar has now turned into an up and coming business. We always knew what we wanted to do but it wasn't until an angel investor came along that we were able to put our ideas into action.</summary>
	<br/><strong>Picture C, a startup company</strong>
	<i>
	<br/>an up and coming business : une entreprise prometteuse
	<br/>an angel investor: un investisseur providentiel (qui investit dans les idées des débutants)
	</i>
	</details>

Talk 5

<details><summary>When a company has a turmover of 24 billion dollars a year, there is still a lot of pressure to grow the business, expand into new markets and define strategy on a global level. What we decide in the boardroom can be the difference between doubling our market share or losing customers to our competitor who has a new product or service that fits the market better than we do.</summary>
	<br/><strong>Picture B, the CEO of a global company</strong>
	<i>
	<br/>the turnover : le chiffre d'affaires
	<br/>global: mondial
	<br/>market share: part de marché
	<br/>to fit : convenir, être adapté à
	</i>
	</details>



#### Page 81 - Reading a Job Ad

Offre pour un emploi très spécialisé et de haut niveau, vocabulaire technique.

##### Vocabulary

FDD (Financial Due Diligence): contrôle financier d'un futur partenaire commercial ou industriel.   
Top tier, mid-tier
Corporate and private equity firms:
a landmark:
a landmark deal:
household:
household names





#### Page 82 - Present Perfect

#### Page 83 - Understanding opinions

##### Track 53

#### Page 84 - Prepositions of time

#### Page 85 Conversations

##### Track 54

##### Track 55

##### Track 56

#### Page 86 - Combining information

##### Track 57







