## TOIEC LR Chapter 3 - Travel

### General Vocab - Track 11

1  
This is a passenger announcement. For the next four weeks, the Central Line will no longer be stopping at Mile End. Please change at Bank to take the District Line eastbound, where the service is still operational. To repeat : this train will not be stopping at Mile End. To board or alight at this station please change to the district Line at Bank.  
2  
Passengers travelling to Manchester via Oxford and Nottingham should now make their way to bay n°8. Ready for departure. For those alighting at Nottingham, Broadmarsh Station is currently closed for regeneration works and has been temporarily relocated to Station Street. All passengers for Oxford, Nottingham and Manchester please make your way to bay n°8 for boarding.  
3  
This is the shuttle bus service from Manhattan Central to J.F.K stopping at terminals 1, 2, 4, 5, 7 and 8. Please put any baggage in the overhead compartments and do not block any of the aisles. We are ready for departure in just a few minutes.  
4  
For all passengers with tickets for flight 23 to Chicago, we regret that we are still waiting for storms to die down over Ohio. For safety reasons, all planes have been advised to delay take-off until further notice. We will keep you updated on the status of this flight as soon as we know more.  
5  
This is the six o’clock service to Faversham, Margate and Dover. The train will split at Faversham and passengers going to Margate should sit in the first four carriages while passengers going in the direction of Dover should remain in the four carriages at the rear of the train. We will be departing in a few moments.

---

### Reading advertisements - track 12

1  
M: This hotel looks really nice !  
W: That's probably why it costs an arm and a leg! Let's try to stick more or less to budget.  
2  
W: Does the hotel have a car park?  
M: No, but they have valet parking which I think is better.  
3  
W1: We were thinking of trying this hotel by the beach.  
W2: I know, it looks nice, but it's got terrible reviews.  
4  
M: How about this hotel for our weekend away?  
W: Mmmm, isn't there anywhere slightly closer to the centre of town?  
5  
W: What do you think of the hotel next to the conference center?  
M: The room was ok, but the restaurant was to die for!  
6  
M: I hope they have king-size beds.  
W: I know, and with a decent mattress, and fresh seats too!  
7  
W1: Is there anything worth visiting in this area?  
W2: Who cares when you've got a gym, and a swimming-pool, and a sauna!  
8  
M: Did you like the hotel I recommended ?  
W: They were so friendly. They really bent over backwards to make our stay just perfect.

---

### Checking out a website

#### Track 13

C : So we're planning to drive from Atlanta to New York and we want to know how much the drop-off charge will be.  
H : OK. I can see from your account that you're planning on renting a sedan.  
C : That's right. Does that make a difference?  
H : Well, yes it does. Our sedans typically have mileage limited to five hundred miles per week. And Atlanta to New York is nearly nine hundred miles. But if you upgrade to a saloon, there's unlimited mileage. On top of that there wouldn't be a drop off charge. So it'll cost 10$ extra a day for the car but you'll be more than getting that back with the savings.  
C : And we get a more comfortable ride ! Sounds good to me. 

#### Track 14

H : How can I help you?  
C : I ordered a roadster because I thought it would be fun to run a road trip through Arizona but the car won't start. I've turned the key a hundred times but nothing happens.  
H : OK. All our roadsters are automatics. Have you driven one before?  
C: No. This is my first time. But I know the basics. You put it into Drive and press on the accelerator, right?  
H : That's true. But you'll need to press on the brake before you turn on the engine. It's a safety feature. Are you in the car right now?  
C : Yes. Oh, it works!  
H : Excellent! My advice is, don't go too fast for the first couple of hours and stick to Drive and Park only. It's not so difficult but it can take a while to get used to  
C : OK. We'll do. And thanks!

#### Track 15

H : Hi there, how was the trip?  
C : Well, the trip went fine but we had a problem with an iron gate at the entrance to our cottage.  
H : Oh, I see. You have a nasty scratch down the wing. Did you sign up to our extra insurance?  
C : I'm not sure. I don't think so. That's going to be really expensive, isn't it?  
H : Let me check for you. Oh I see you are in our Gold Membership Program and this was your free rental. Well I can still swap the free rental for free insurance. That means you'll have to pay for the car for the last few days but the damage is covered.  
C : Is that a better deal?  
H : Well, a hatchback for four days is two hundred dollars and the repairs to a scratched wing would likely cost over one thousand dollars.  
C : I think we might follow your advice on that one.

---

### Grammar Corner

#### Track 16 page 28

1. What time is the flight leaving? D
2. How often do buses run at this time of day? H
3. How old is your son please sir? A 
4. When are you planning on going? G
5. How long have you been coming here? B 
6. Which room are you staying in? E
7. How far is it from here to the centre of town? C 
8. How are you travelling to the conference in Denver? F

---

###  Combining Listening with Reading

#### Track 17 page 30

There are of course many destinations for travelers in Europe. Italy for instance is a treasure trove of beautiful cities and fabulous monuments. Further east, Budapest is a great city with a mixture of Celtic and Roman architecture. 

For those looking for something more off the beaten track, there is a charming city in the Czech Republic which is relatively unknown. It has authentic cobblestone streets, baroque churches. It's like a smaller version of Prague except that it isn't round packed with tourists.  

If you're looking for something further flung, the natural landscape of Bolivia is virtually untouched by hordes of tourists.

If you want massive skyscrapers in the middle of the desert, then Qatar is surprisingly impressive and offers much more in the way of fun and culture than most people imagine.

My tip however might be the Azores which is like a Hollywood movie set with its volcanic islands full of greenery and beautiful lakes. If you like nature, it's got more to offer than almost anywhere else.

Otherwise in terms of absolute beauty Iceland has some of the most breathtaking landscapes. You might think it would be the least summer destination but few would regret seeing the glaciers and the skylines or waterfalls on offer.