

## TOIEC LR Chapter 7 - Health

[TOC]



### CH07-72 T46 Picture Questions

**Statement 1**

<details>
<Summary>In my job it's really important for us to be on the scene as quickly as possible. We see a lot of different types of cases. Sometimes it’s something we can deal with easily. Other times it’s a question of life or death. We have to rush people to hospital.</summary>
	<br/><strong>Answer: a paramedic, picture C</strong>
	<i>
	<br/>to rush people: emmener les gens en urgence
	<br/>don't rush me!: ne me bouscule pas, ne me presse pas.
  <br/>rush hours: les heures de pointe (transports)
  </i>
</details>

<br/> <br/>

**Statement 2**

<details>
<summary>Many of my patients are too young to tell me what their problem is, or if it’s a sharp or dull pain. It’s nice to be there to help children at a very young age and give advice and reassurance to parents.</summary>
	<br/><strong>Answer : a pediatrician, picture A</strong>
	<i> 
  <br/>a dull/sharp pain: une douleur sourde, aiguë
  <br/>advice (indénombrable): des conseils
  </i>
</details>

<br/> <br/>

**Statement 3**

<details>
<summary>My job is helping patients once they come out of surgery or have left hospital. In some cases we can work together over several months of reeducation. Other times it’s just recovering from a sprained ankle or trapped nerve. I work a lot with sports people too who often pick up injuries.</summary>
	<br>
	<strong>Answer: a physiotherapist, picture D</strong>
  <i>
  <br/>surgery: la chirurgie
  <br/>a sprained ankle: une cheville tordue/foulée
  <br/>a trapped nerve: un nerf coincé
  <br/>a trap: un piège
  <br/>an injury: une blessure
  </i>
</details>

<br/>

**Statement 4**

<details>
<summary>I have different types of patients. some of them are involved in car accidents and need to be in operating theatre as quickly as possible. others are scheduled in for operations weeks or months in advance. In every case it’s vital to be as careful and as concentrated as possible.</summary>
	<br/><strong>Answer: a surgeon, picture B</strong>
	<i>
 	<br/>involved in : impliqués dans
	<br/>operating theatre: salle d'opération
	</i>
</details>

<br/><br/>

**Statement 5**

<details>
<summary>I help all types of patients with everyday problems. Little aches and pains, flu, infections and other illnesses. If I think it’s a serious case I will always refer it to one of my colleagues who is more specialized than me. I try to have time for all my patients so I often work for very long hours but it’s worth it.</summary>
  <br/><strong>Answer: a doctor, a G.P. (General Practitioner), no picture</strong>
  <i>
	<br/>aches and pains: les petites et les grosses douleurs
  <br/>a headache, a toothache, backache
  <br/>pain : douleur, mais aussi peine, chagrin
  <br/>the flu: la grippe
  <br/>an illness: une maladie
  </i>
</details>

<br/>

### CH07-73 Article - Alternative Medicine

a med school : une fac de médecine  
the FDA : Food and Drug Administration (US)  
a health insurer : une société d’assurance santé  
a pharmacy : une pharmacie (qui délivre les médicaments sur ordonnance)  
a naturopathic doctor : un médecin naturopathe  

a diagnosis : un diagnostic    
to prescribe : prescrire  
a prescription : une ordonnance  
a remedy : un remède  
a drug : un médicament  
side effects : les effets secondaires  

a molecule : une molécule  
to dilute : diluer  
a diet : un régime   
a disease : une maladie (grave ou contagieuse)  
to cure : guérir  
incurable : incurable  
positive thinking : la pensée positive, ici l’effet placebo  

to harm : blesser  
harmful : nocif  
harmless : inoffensif  
Where’s the harm: où est le mal?

to encompass : aller de … à …  
to trust: avoir confiance en  
trust : la confiance  
distrust : la méfiance  
to take a dim view of : voir d’un mauvais oeil  
to take into account : prendre en compte  
to rely on : reposer sur, compter sur  
to brush under the carpet: passer sous silence, faire l’impasse sur



### CH07-75 T47 Describing medical problems

**Request A**

<details>
<summary>I can’t seem to shake this cold. I thought it would just go away on its own but I’ve been coughing for weeks now.</summary>
3: I’m going to prescribe you a round of antibiotics. We’ll give it a week and if you see no improvement, come back to see me.
	<i>
	<br/>to shake: secouer
	<br/>to shake this cold: me débarrasser de ce rhume
	<br/>to cough: tousser
  <br/>to prescribe: prescrire
  <br/>improvement: une amélioration
  </i>
</details>

<br/><br/>

**Request B**

<details>
<summary>I slept though my alarm this morning. My boss will be angry if I turn up late again. Can you give me a sick note for today?</summary>
2: I’m afraid that’s not possible. If you want to make an appointment, I can examine you, but I will give my honest diagnosis.
	<i>
	<br/>I slept through my alarm = je n'ai pas entendu mon réveil
	<br/>if I turn up: si je me montre, si je me pointe (fam.)
	<br/>a sick note: un arrêt maladie
  <br/>make an appointment
  </i>
</details>

<br/><br/>

**Request C**

<details>
<summary>I think I might need glasses. I find it really hard to read if there isn’t a good light or if the book has small print.</summary>No response
	<i>
	<br/>I might: il se pourrait que je...
	<br/>small print: petits caractères
	</i>
</details>

<br/><br/>

**Request D**

<details>
<summary>I fell on my way to work last week. I hurt my ankle. I thought it would get better on its own but it still hurts quite a lot</summary>
1: I think we need to have it X-rayed. I would have expected the swelling to have gone down by now, so we need to have it checked out.
	<i>
  <br/>to hurt: blesser, faire mal
  <br/>an ankle: une cheville
  <br/>to have it X-rayed: passer une radio
  <br/>to swell: enfler
  <br/>to check out: vérifier, contrôler
  </i>
</details>

<br/><br/>

**Request E**

<details>
<summary>I have this strange red rash on my leg. I've tried using a lotion my sister suggested but if anything it has got even bigger</summary>
5: I’m going to refer you to one of my colleagues. He’s a dermatologist and I think you need more than just some drugstore cream and potions.
	<i>
  <br/>a rash: une rougeur, un érythème
  <br/>to refer you to: vous envoyer consulter
	</i>
</details>

<br/><br/>

**Request F**

<details>
<summary>When I was eighteen I was a really good runner. Yesterday I had to run to get the bus and I was out of breath after only a hundred yards.</summary>
No response
	<i>
	<br/>out of breath: hors d'haleine
	</i>
</details>

<br/><br/>

**Request G** 

<details>
<summary>I’ve been feeling really tired lately. I find it hard to get out of bed in the morning and I’ve almost fallen asleep twice on meetings. I’m usually quite a dynamic person so it’s not normal for me to be like this.</summary>
4: I’d like you to take some blood tests. We can’t be sure it will show up anything, but it will at least rule out a couple of possibilities.
	<i>
	<br/>blood tests: analyses sanguines
	<br/>show up : montrer, mettre en évidence
	<br/>to rule out: exclure
  </i>
</details>

<br/><br/>

### CH07-78 T48 Giving advice

D: How’s your leg feeling, Inessa?  
I: It’s feeling a bit better but it’s still quite stiff.
D: I see. It may be it isn’t used enough. Why don’t you try some cycling?  
I: Last time we met you told me to do some exercise. So I have. I walk to work, I’ve done some light exercises even.  
D: That may be the problem. It’s not really recommended to do any exercise that puts too much stress on the joints.  
I: Oh, so cycling is the only sport I can do?  
D: No, that was my advice. But if you prefer, you could do some stretching exercises. Some people say that yoga can be very good for stiff joints.  
I: That all takes time that I don’t really have. Isn’t there some cream or gel that I can buy instead?  
D: Well, there are many types of over-the-counter products but that’s not really my specialty. I rally think that simple non stressful exercise is the best thing for you.

1. Doctor Turner **suggests she try** cycling (subjonctif, pas de -s).

2. Inessa says he **advised her to do** some exercise so she has

3. He doesn’t **recommend she put** too much stress on the joints.

4. He **advises her to go** to a yoga class for stretching exercises.

5. She wants him to **suggest she buy** a cream or a gel.

6. The doctor **insists that she avoid** anything that is too stressful for her ankle or knee.

*stiff : raide  
a joint : une articulation  
the knee: le genou  
over-the-counter products: produits sans ordonnance*



### CH06-79 T49-51 Grand Central Health Club



#### T49 Rebecca

<details>
<summary>I’m definitely into working out. I go running three or four times a week, which is good cardio-training and I really enjoy it, especially when the weather is good. I have a gym membership too. I like the classes. It’s got a community feel to it. So although body pump is hard work, it doesn’t feel like it and we all encourage each other.</summary>
<br/><strong>Best offer: Work Out</strong>
</details>



#### T50 Dan and Chloe

<details>
<summary>Dan : I'm at an age where I realize I'm not as fit as I used to be, especially when I'm running about after Chloe who seems to have a lot more energy than me. Im not really a big fan of going to the gym. Often you start out going three or four times a week then it's only two or three times a week and then it has been two or three weeks since you last went. But the childcare is a very good idea. and the pay as you go plan might be the best option for me.</summary>
<br/><strong>Best offer: Check It Out and Kids Zone</strong>
</details>



#### T51 Diane

<details>
<summary>I've always been in quite a good shape. When I was younger I went on a lot of long walks and I often cycled to work. Now I have more time so I go four or five times a week to the health club. I tried some of the classes but that's not really for me. One of the coaches helped me to build a personal training program so I do walking on the treadmills and I even do some of the weights. I'd say I'm in better shape now than when I was thirty.</summary>
<br/><strong>Best offer: Self-training Gym</strong>
	<i>
	<br/>in good shape: en bonne forme  
	<br/>Work Out : la musculation  
	<br/>a treadmill: un tapis de course  
	<br/>weights : les poids, les haltères
	<br/>membership: adhésion
	</i>
</details>

---

[TOC]

